Here it is.
The $1 billion gold bar I made for Lin
How is that possible?
Ordinary with your ability
How can I possibly earn so much money?
Exactly.
There must be something wrong with the way the money came from the collection.
The money is my Zhuo family cooperation deposit.
Your Lin family wants to question our Zhuojia company
What!
The Zhuo family funded 1 billion female army to cooperate with Lin Fan
And that's custom.
What's going on?
Damn
Originally, Zhuo Yanran was used to frame him Lin Fan
In the end, he actually succeeded him
Instead, Mom can see that you have achieved so much
Mom is very happy
But let Chu Sheng be the deputy head of the family council
Is the need of the company
Non-negotiable
Take what the group is facing this time
Negotiations with the Midstate Chamber of Commerce have stalled
And for this project
The group invested tens of billions
project termination
A full ten billion
It's all going to be wasted, mom
Isn't it just to cooperate with the Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce?
Just a phone call from me
Then Changge will personally meet the soldiers at the East Gate
Offer filial piety